hi YouTube it's Nikki from Newton Ellie
Mary late Christmas I hope you all had
an amazing Christmas and even if you
don't celebrate it I hope you had an
amazing 25th of December and today I
thought I would do my what I got for
Christmas video because I was thinking I
need to film my video what shall I do
and as it was Christmas a few days ago I
thought this would be such a fitting
video to do so yeah I'm not trying to
brag in any way shape or form I got such
lovely gifts this year
so I thought I would show you guys so
yeah let's jump in and thank you to
everyone that wished me a Merry
Christmas on YouTube and off the first
thing I got was this and I am in love
with it as soon as I saw it I knew it
was something that I was gonna love and
this is a n but you basically put
batteries in it and then these lights
light up inside of it it's amazing and
as my room is mint green and silver this
will go so well with it and I'm so
excited you put batteries in it and see
what it looks like so yeah you next
thing I got I'm so thankful for and this
is a Instax Mini 8 payload camera in
blue from my mummy daddy I am just so
thankful I got this I cannot even
believe I'm holding one it's so
beautiful and really vintage looking and
if you don't know what a Polaroid is
it's basically where you put some pieces
of paper in this bit here and then once
you taking a picture it prints the piece
of paper out of the camera with the
picture on instantly and it's amazing I
love the concept of a Polaroid and I
love capturing little and big moment so
this was just so perfect for me
as
present on two nails I've got these two
no positions from Topshop this one's a
really pretty blurry silvery color and
it's in the name hop and then the other
one I got I can't really explain the
color it's good it's green it's blue
it's purple it's kind of a mixture of
different colors and this is called
Aurora I loved Topshop nail polishes I
loved Topshop makeup and they love the
packaging of their nail polish and
makeup so when I got these I was so
excited
and once this nail polish has been all
chipped and stuff like that I'm
definitely going to take this off and
put on one of these colors because they
are beautiful and I love them so sorry
if you can hear drilling outside I was
just getting through a really nice
peaceful video and then drilling started
oh the next thing I got was this and
this is by model zone and it's their
erase corrector pen now if you are like
me and you have really shaky hands and
I'm not really good at painting your
nails then this is something that is
like a lifesaver for when you're
painting your nails what it is basically
if you get any nail polish on your skin
then you can just get one of these sighs
and then just clear it up with one of
these corrector pens and it's an amazing
idea and I was so happy when I got this
and my brother was really good picking
this out cuz this was from my brother
say thank you Alex for getting this for
me the next thing I got was from my
sister and I think it's so beautiful
it's this really beautiful turquoise
blue dreamcatcher I love this if you
don't know what a dreamcatchers it's
basically where you make a wish and you
hang it up somewhere in your room or
just somewhere and you know it's
basically like making a wish but instead
of just making it you make it on this
and I love the concept of this and it's
really beautiful so I can't wait to you
hang this up in my room and make a wish
on it I've recently been trying to read
a lot more books I do read a lot of
books already but I want to read you
know everyday because sometimes I just
can't be bothered to read and
it's a bad thing because reading is
amazing so when I got these two books I
was so excited because I love this
author and I love this series that the
author does these are two kathy cassidy
books in the chocolate box series that
she's doing i got marshmallow sky and
sweet honey I can tell sweet honey's
gonna be a big read but I'm so excited
to read these because they are such easy
reads I've already got one of the books
from this series I loved it so I can't
wait to read these and I would get back
to you on how I how I how I think they
went so yeah I love these two books and
I can't wait to have a little look at
them so onto another book I got and this
is more of a cooking book this is the
Leon breakfast and brunch book I got
this from my cousin because she knows I
love breakfast and I love cooking so I
was so excited when I got this this has
recipes from granola to a filling list
breakfast it has some drink ideas and
I'm so excited to try out the recipes in
this book cause it's a really nice
compact book with loads of yummy recipes
in it the next thing I got was this book
which is the mac and cheese cookbook if
you don't know Mac and cheeses
it's basically macaroni cheese but
different recipes on it and I love mac
and cheese
it's basically macaroni pasta mixed with
cheese and to me that's just Oh heaven
so when I got this book I was so you're
so happy and overwhelmed because there's
so many amazing recipes in this that I
would have never thought of there's a
chili mac and cheese crispy baked mac
and cheese a bacon mac and cheese just
so many amazing Mac and cheeses so I am
definitely going to be making one of
these this week and I might even make
one today because I'm craving mac and
cheese now and who might last
this present which I got from my
brother's girlfriend so thank you
Georgia you forgetting rings for me
these are amazing I was shown not
expecting them they are Punk slippers
they are a bit dirty because I've been
wearing them all day today and yesterday
but they are so amazing they are warm
and chunky and fuzzy and cute so I was
so happy to get these and I love pugs so
this was just everything that I love
Under the Sun slippers comfort and pugs
so yeah I'm gonna put these back on my
feet now cuz they're getting a bit cold
and yeah I love these and they were from
new look so I hope you liked this video
everyone I'm sorry if I didn't really
seem in the mood I'm just so tired
because yesterday I stayed up a long
time trying to think of video ideas so
yeah and just really tired today thank
you so much for watching if you like
this video don't forget to click the
like button that make me so happy and if
you would like to see more videos from
me then click the subscribe button down
below that make me so so happy as well
and really make my day I hope you had a
very Merry Christmas and a you have a
Happy New Year
and I will see you soon bye everyone
have a lovely day